Wow you made this some girl gave it to
me to give to them and then they
canceled the show yeah I know somebody
their tours with them with the fans
homes
her name is Vienna she's helping us out
that's not your real name though you
guys just keep multiplying
you with them what you're the dead -
right
oh yeah
how do you get accepted you're invited
every time I see you I just pulled in my
sting
I don't think you should get mixed with
him you understand
you know we're almost broke thank you
yeah I heard some little guy has all
your money things are gonna change
around here yeah
[Music]
we have to behave like a band of how
he's supposed to travel 2500 miles for
these I say we talk to my wolf my big
bad wolf
[Music]
a lot of people here what you out she
has to go how hard I work
keep this band on its feet you know what
I have to do I got a crazy kid on my
hands you guys do mom
I better lock your doors tonight
the devil's out
how do you do it
very survival space
[Music]